Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[BLADE OF FURY]
As a bounty hunter.
I risk my life for money.
The world is in chaos now.
There are outlaws everywhere.
The government pays me
to catch the outlaws.
Those who do this kind of jobs are called bounty hunters.
You don't get it?
We're like businessmen.
And the business we do is highly risky.
I came to you
to discuss a deal with you.
There is a batch of goods.
It belongs to the government.
It's a batch of jewels.
Those who transported the goods were robbed on their way.
After you robbed them and killed them.
you also killed the Persian merchants.
Then you pretended to be foreign merchants
and tried to escape to the Western Region.
This is such a risky move.
Leave the jewels here.
And I'll pretend we've never met.
This is what I want to talk to you about.
Are you really a bounty hunter?
Many bounty hunters were killed by this knife.
I'm not afraid of anyone.
Except those four.
Who are those four?
The fearless Jackal.
The cunning Ghost Lady.
The cruel Blind.
And the brutal Grey-Haired Master.
It's obvious that you're not a woman.
You're neither gray-haired
nor blind.
Are you Jackal?
I don't think we cannot reach a deal today.
You're crazy!
I am...
Jackal!
[Jackal]
You're smart.
I was ignorant.
I'll give you all these goods.
Please let me go.
It's too late.
Jackal.
What the government was transporting is not jewels.
It's a woman being transported.
Let's talk.
Let me go.
That woman
knows a secret.
The secret is more valuable than jewels.
What's more.
she can be really sexy and wild.
What are you doing?
Don't kill him!
Oh no.
The wanted poster said he must be captured alive.
If he's dead. I won't get any bounties at all.
Stop.
You have to compensate me.
Let go of me!
You can't drink wine.
You don't have money.
You can't go there.
He's ahead of us again.
This is Chu Xiong. the notorious thief?
Yes.
How could you tell such a stupid lie?
She killed Chu Xiong.
One for one.
I brought her to show that I've done my job.
Ask her if you don't believe me.
You jerk!
It's okay if you only give me half of the agreed bounty.
Miss. you're right.
He's called Jackal.
Of course he's even worse than a pig or a dog.
It's hard to be a human nowadays.
It's easier to be a pig or a dog.
You jerk!
If you don't pay me.
I won't leave.
What are you doing?
She can kill people.
She killed a notorious criminal.
According to the law. she'll be treated leniently.
She won't have to go to jail.
Though bad people are everywhere nowadays.
we still uphold justice.
I've done another job that can't get me paid.
Wait.
My Lord.
She is involved in a murder case.
Arrest her first.
She'll be interrogated.
Go.
Let go of me!
Kill me!
Kill me. please!
I'm begging you.
Please.
Kill me!
Go.
Jackal.
According to the rules.
you won't get the bounty.
But I'll give you payment for your hard work.
Han Lu.
My Lord.
I'm sorry. My Lord.
My Lord. I'm sorry.
My Lord.
I'm sorry.
Get lost!
Come on.
Big. Big. Big.
I bet it's small.
Here.
Small.
Let me try again.
Try again.
Again.
Go on.
I bet it's big.
Let's try again.
Sir. would you like
a fresh pancake?
It's delicious.
Who let the kid in?
Get out!
Get out.
Don't make trouble.
I hate kids.
Bad luck.
I don't believe I'll always be unlucky.
I bet it's all big.
Get lost.
Give me back my wallet!
Go away!
Give me my wallet!
-You stained my clothes.
-Give me back my wallet!
I'll take the money as your compensation to me.
Give me back my wallet!
Let go!
Go away!
Wine!
Give me wine.
-Wine.
-Pull him away!
Beat him!
Hit him hard!
Who are you?
What are you waiting for?
Beat him!
Get lost!
Run.
Xing?
Wine.
It's really you.
I want wine.
I told you I had seen him today.
Wine.
Pei Xing.
We haven't heard anything from you for so long.
I didn't expect to see you here.
I'm drinking. Don't interrupt.
We are working for Lord Guo now.
We're here on a mission.
Wine.
When you're sober.
find me in the Flower Villa of Mount Wuzi.
Again.
Sir.
Come.
My Lord. I was interrogating her.
Take her away.
Have you got any information?
No.
I haven't.
Weren't you interrogating her?
No. no.
[County Government Office]
Lord Yang.
Who are they?
How can they take the prisoner away without permission?
Stay out of this.
Shut up.
This is against the law.
Lord Han.
Please.
[County Government Office]
Did you have a nightmare again?
Lady Ying.
Why are you here?
This is my home.
Then why am I here?
The beggar carried you up the mountain.
He was afraid you would die on the street.
Though we're close.
if you do this again.
I'll charge you.
Well.
Your injuries are less serious this time.
This cut is the most severe.
Looks like a woman scratched you and caused these wounds.
There's something wrong with your information this time.
But I won't return your money.
Chu Xiong didn't rob the jewels.
He kidnapped a woman.
Then she must be a special woman.
Do you want to investigate her?
Forget it.
Did you gamble away all your money again?
I'll pay up
the money I owe you.
It's done.
Keep your wounds away from water in the following two days.
Do you have pills that can help me sleep well?
Yes.
But compared to the pills.
drinking wine is a cheaper option.
On credit again?
I'll go make money to pay the debt.
This male thief and her female partner
always kill people. rob goods
and get involved in human trafficking.
There is accurate information
that they're hiding in the stone manufacturing workshop outside the city.
This is a lucrative task.
I saved it for you.
As usual.
[Maritime Arrest Order]
We just stole an ox.
It can't be that serious.
I told you
I shouldn't have gone with you.
I used to be a lady in a rich family.
But now I'm going to jail
with you.
He Lianrou.
Momen Tieshu.
How dare you come to steal my job?
There's also a little gecko.
[Four-legged Snake]
So your target is me.
What do you think?
Are you looking for me?
[Crazy Knife]
[Earth Gyro]
Wait a moment.
Lord Yang.
Why didn't you come to see me these days?
You don't know
that I was being troubled by a crazy dog.
I was thinking about you
all the time.
All the time.
Who is it?
I'm sorry
I opened the doors too hard.
Jack...
Jackal.
Jackal. what brings you here?
You...
What do you want to know?
I'll tell you everything.
The arrest order is issued by the higher-ups.
It has nothing to do with me
I'm just a county mayor.
I only take care of the affairs in the county.
It's no use killing me.
It has something to do with the woman you brought.
Anyone has anything to do with that woman
will die.
Jackal.
Jackal. bro.
I'm a government official.
Jackal.
Guards!
Take good care of him.
He's our important official.
I think I did it wrong.
Come out.
That woman has a tough character.
I only know that her name is Liu Zhen.
I don't know anything else.
She was taken away by a group of people that night.
I watch it happen and couldn't do anything.
I asked around
and got to know they worked for Lord Guo.
Lord Guo is mysterious.
I only know that he came from the Prime Minister's Mansion
He has a Yufu-Troops-Deploying card.
Even Lord Yang needs to follow his orders.
Recently. he hired some people to cut down trees everywhere.
He's in a hurry to build a high platform in Mount Wuzi outside the city.
I don't why what it is for.
Do you still believe in justice?
Look at you.
You're so pitiful.
Why didn't you choose to enjoy a luxurious life in the Prime Minister's Mansion?
Why did you choose to be a fugitive instead?
We just want peace.
We don't want to stay in the place where it's full of ruthless officials.
Please.
Please let us go.
Fine.
As long as you tell me everything.
I'll do anything for you.
I'm doing this for your own good.
I know what you're up to.
I won't let you succeed.
Kill me if you dare!
Kill me!
I'll never kill you.
I just don't want you to go anywhere else.
I'm worried about you.
Your feet are so beautiful .
Why didn't you come until today?
Wait for me here.
Now you're here. Everything will be fine.
Lord Guo will appreciate you.
Do you know
that without Lord Guo.
my bros and I wouldn't be doing so well.
You also have a lot
to worry about. right?
It's different now.
Now we do everything
for ourselves.
Welcome back.
Lord Guo is in a bad mood today.
Be careful with your words.
Lord Guo.
Pei Xing.
Sit.
Watch the show with me.
I'm not used to sitting on a high stool.
Excuse me.
These wolves
were left to starve for a few days.
The loser of the battle down there
will become their food today.
To survive. they do their best to fight each other.
How wonderful this is.
But only these scenes
can enable me to forget my worries.
The weak ones
are the strong ones' food.
You are called Jackal.
You know
this very well. right?
Good!
Thank you. My Lord.
He did it willingly.
No one forced him.
It's said that during the An-Shi Rebellion.
you and Han Lu were both soldiers in the Fufeng Camp of the Tang dynasty.
You contributed a lot
to quelling the rebellion in Zhaojuan Temple.
You are a rare talent.
If you're willing to be loyal to me.
I'll appreciate it.
You misunderstood.
I'm here to negotiate.
I'm a businessman.
But I've been unlucky lately.
I lost my business
because of you.
Han Lu.
I misunderstood?
Pei Xing.
It's about a child. right?
How much do you know about it?
I guess
you know I’m from the Prime Minister's Mansion.
The prime minister is old.
But he got a son recently.
It was great news for him.
But that crazy woman
stole the child
when the child was not even a month old.
This is a family disgrace.
It will damage the reputation of the prime minister.
I help the prime minister solve problems
so I have to think carefully about everything.
If I did anything that harmed you.
please forgive me.
You know where the child is?
Ten days.
I will bring you the child
in ten days.
Why ten days?
The time for me to finish my job is never longer than ten days.
Your purpose is...
Take back my arrest order.
If you fail.
I'd like to become a wolf's food.
Deal.
You're free.
But remember.
you only have ten days.
Wait.
I know what kind of person you are.
This is a little gift for you.
I'll wait for the good news.
Stop chasing.
Jackal's arrest order has is taken back for now.
Who do you think you are?
How do you know it's about a child?
It was my guess. I took a risky bet.
You had never won a bet before.
But this time. you did.
That woman just wanted to die.
She must be protecting something.
What's the thing that's more important than her life?
You never got involved anything related to women or children.
How come
this time?
I can't forget her eyes.
Kill me!
Don't kill my child.
What's your plan?
I need to know
every place she went to
and every person she met
before she was caught.
The sooner you give me the information. the better.
Lord Guo's is such a powerful official.
We're no match for him.
If he goes back on his word...
I know his secret.
He doesn't dare to hurt me.
I didn't want to get you involved.
But I really can't find anyone else.
You can refuse to help me.
I know the money...
Enough.
What will happen in ten days
is out of my hands.
You're indeed a famous tracker among the bounty hunters.
You came ahead of me.
Shadow-erasing. you won't be able to profit from the job alone.
[Shadow-erasing]
Have you seen her?
Don't be afraid.
According to Sanya.
a woman gave her the child and left.
She threw a mirror to her as a reward.
The woman said she would come back to pick up this child.
Sanya went out every day to wait for that woman.
Finally. you are here.
You'd better
take the child away right now.
To raise my own children
is already extremely difficult for me.
You can't hug a child like this.
What kind of father are you?
Go with your father.
Be good.
Wait.
Take it with you.
This is the treasure the child's mother left for her child.
I can't keep it.
Be good.
Bao.
Bao?
I gave the child the random name.
Every child is the most precious in their parents' eyes.
Take the food. You can eat it on your way.
Remember to chew them into pieces and feed the baby.
Can you stop crying?
No.
No!
Kill me!
Kill me?
So you're what enables me to have a good sleep?
[To Jackal]
The bounty hunter hired by Wu Shao'an is you.
Guo Zhongxiang
is the butler in the Prime Minister's Mansion
He has humble origins.
He took his mother's surname Guo.
He is the illegitimate son of the prime minister.
He is born to be a very patient and person.
And he is meticulous and vicious.
He’s in charge of the dirty business in the mansion.
The prime minister is old.
And his main wife doesn't bear any child.
The dancer Liu Zhen gave birth to a son for the prime minister.
The fortune-teller said the son was born to be extraordinary.
The prime minister got very happy upon hearing it.
But this caused conflicts among the different groups of people in the mansion.
Liu Zhen escaped from the capital
to save herself and her son.
Guo Zhongxiang is under the prime minister's order to find the child.
But in fact. he plotted to kill him.
He has always dreamed of being the lawful heir of the prime minister
and he believed in the evil magic of sorcerers in the Western Region.
He planned to sacrifice the baby on the full-moon night of this month
and make the baby into a pill and eat it.
He hopes to get the child's fortunate by doing that.
He has gone so crazy
that he's worse than a beast.
Wait for me here.
Go in and report.
Leave the child to me.
Let's go.
If you don't leave. I'll leave.
You'll have us killed.
Do one last thing for me.
A new identity
with a new face.
I want to see this baby grow up.
Bao.
Didn't you hate kids the most?
I still hate them now.
Close your eyes.
Sleep for a while.
You'll be fine when you wake up.
It seems to be the time for him to pee.
Don't worry.
I'm better at taking care of babies than you.
In such a turbulent world.
it is by no means easy
for ordinary people like us to live.
I live on the top of the mountain
to stay away from troubles.
Even if I will live with no dignity.
I don't want to go back to the nightmare of the past.
But these days.
I feel extremely anxious.
Why don't we stay away from this troubled place
and start a new life?
You even killed a child.
Bastard!
The traitor must be executed.
Pei Xing.
This is your honor.
No!
Don't kill my child!
If you want to kill someone. kill me!
No!
Kill me!
Kill me! Kill me! Kill me!
Open your eyes and look carefully.
On the battlefield.
only by turning into a beast
can you live.
I want to add another person.
If I don't come back before dawn.
find a good family for this child.
Everyone has his own fate.
Is it worth taking risks
for a woman whom you don't know?
Who knows?
Another loss.
Liu Zhen is imprisoned here.
I am sure of it.
The Shadow-erasing must have cost you a lot.
It's worthwhile.
I will write a report
to expose Guo Zhongxiang's evil deeds to the court.
I will bring him to justice
even if it will be at the cost of my career.
This place is usually heavily guarded.
I think they're all gone tonight.
So strange.
Why are you helping me?
I want you to know
that there's humaneness in this world.
Where there's humaneness. there's justice.
Stay alive.
There are more people in this world who need you.
Wait for me here.
Jackal.
I haven't known your real name yet.
Is that important?
I should call you by your real name.
I'll tell you next time we meet.
[Prostitute]
"Don't you see the mirror bright in chamber high
which grieves over your snow-white hair that once was silken black?"
I was wondering why there was no guard here.
It turns out that the big boss is here.
It's hard for us to meet.
We shouldn't be disturbed by others.
What do you think?
They even hired the Grey-Haired Master. who ranks first among all bounty hunters.
I am so proud of myself.
[Grey-Haired Master]
Try it.
Good wine.
Good pot.
You came to save her?
What's your relationship with her?
Nothing.
There must be a reason.
What about you?
I'm a bounty hunter.
I never ask anything about right or wrong.
Jackal.
You broke the rules.
Looks like
we have to fight.
You haven't returned the pot to me.
It's been a long time since I played so happily.
Alright.
We're almost done.
Stop running.
I can't catch up with you.
Jackal.
Let's end it.
I'm curious
why Jackal. the best businessman.
would turn against the powerful Prime Minister
for a child.
I want to find out
what's wrong with you.
Then what have you found out?
You are completely different from who you were.
I envy you.
As a martial artist.
I've thought of countless ways to die.
It's not bad
to die here today.
Actually. we all live in a big coffin.
The only difference is the time of death.
"I can't condescend to serve celebrities."
"That will make me lose my hearty smile."
Liu Zhen.
My baby.
Where is my baby?
Don't worry. The baby is safe.
I want you to see
that there's humaneness in this world.
Where there's humaneness. there's justice.
Forgive me.
I have no choice.
Pei Xing.
You fell behind.
Captain.
You fell behind too.
It's impossible for him to survive.
I want to see the body.
Yes.
Prepare everything for the sacrifice ceremony.
The county governor Wu Shao'an and Jackal tried to rebel
and were executed on the spot.
I will put up a notice.
I'll do it perfectly.
Perfectly.
You know too much.
Guo... Guo...
You smell so good.
Why are you so excited to see me?
Hurry up.
Have you found the body?
I'll report to Captain Han.
How come that you went through so much trouble
because of Jackal?
Even Captain Han
seems to be afraid of him.
You don't know how scary he is.
He...
He's known as the "Undead Jackal."
I just want to stay alive.
You knew that we couldn't afford to offend them.
but you got all of us involved.
Look at what they have done to me!
I don't want to go back to the past.
When you went to save an outsider.
did you think about what I would suffer?
Where is Wu Shao'an?
I will release his soul from purgatory.
My name is
Pei Xing.
Where are you going?
I know
that as long as you stay away from me.
you will have many ways to escape.
But you didn't choose that way.
Stay alive.
I know the sword that Captain Han uses.
No one can survive from that sword.
It's the Sword of the Universe.
It once belonged to Bai Qi. the Greatest General.
The altar has been built.
How do we deal with the farmers?
Those who are involved
must die.
Got it.
[Pei Xing's Tomb]
Han Lu.
I will repay you
after this.
Thank you. Lord Guo.
I admire you
because we are alike.
Just remember don't pry into too much.
As long as you are by my side.
I will help you
achieve your ambition.
Remember.
When the rain stops
at midnight.
the elixir will be made.
I'll escort you.
What are you doing here?
Pei Xing.
Stop being stubborn.
Can't you just be a bounty hunter?
Why are you against us?
Look.
It's not easy
for us to reach this far.
Are you going to ruin us?
I've been a bounty hunter for seven years.
I've been working for others all the time.
Today.
I'll do things for myself.
Step back if you want to live.
I don't want to see the blood of my friends.
Soldiers
can never retreat.
You go now.
What's the point of living
when I cannot do anything right?
The soldiers that Han Lu led
are not capable at all.
Just consider it as honing their skills for Lord Guo.
You and Han Lu are somewhat alike.
But the difference is
Han Lu never stabbed anyone in the back.
It would be a huge disgrace
if I were killed by you.
Killing is killing.
There's no need to judge the method.
That's what you can do?
I'm so disappointed.
Please.
Please spare me.
Good boy.
Bao.
You really want to die.
This time.
I want to live.
Stand up.
Aren't you the "Undead Jackal?"
I gave you a chance.
but you didn't cherish it.
We almost died.
What was it for?
For the lavish life of those high-ranking officials?
We survived from piles of dead bodies.
We deserve a better life.
Look at you now.
You live like a street dog.
You are street dogs.
It seems
you've forgotten
what you did before.
I'll help you remember.
Do you remember them?
You...
Don't you like saving people?
Fine.
Open your eyes and take a look.
They
will die because of you.
Both of us are demons.
If Buddhas won't save me.
I'll save myself.
Don't you want to save the kid?
I'll kill him now.
Let him go.
No!
You are really hard to kill.
However.
bro.
that's enough.
Be a smart man in the next life.
Frost. blood and blade.
Pei Xing.
Come here.
He seems happy to see you.
Can I call this brotherhood?
Let me hug you.
Do you deserve it?
Please.
Please let me go.
I beg you.
I can give you whatever you want.
Please.
You know who's behind me.
I'm the only one who can withdraw
I'm here on behalf of Liu Zhen.
No. No. No.
It stinks.
Pei Xing.
Don't think you can leave.
From now on.
all bounty hunters in the world
will try to kill you.
From now on.
you have no chance to live a peaceful life
until
your head falls.
Kid.
There are two roads ahead.
One is a broad road to the capital
where you can find your glory and wealth.
The other is a path to the turbulent world.
You need to stay with me to the end of the world.
It's up to you.
[Wine]
Here comes the wine.
Sir.
Please enjoy your wine.
Call me if you need anything.
[Wanted]
[Xie Miao as Blind Cheng]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today